#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass PhDThesisLyX
\options a4paper,titlepage,12pt,numbered
\use_default_options false
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing onehalf
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 0
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle fancy
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Getting Started
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
What is Loren Ipsum?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry
 (see Section
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "sec:1.3"

\end_inset

).
 Lorem Ipsum has been the industry's standard dummy text ever since the
 1500s, when an unknown printer took a galley of type and scrambled it to
 make a type specimen book 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "AAB95,Con78"

\end_inset

.
 It has survived not only five centuries, but also the leap into electronic
 typesetting, remaining essentially unchanged.
 It was popularised in the 1960s with the release of Letraset sheets containing
 Lorem Ipsum passages, and more recently with desktop publishing software
 like Aldus PageMaker including versions of Lorem Ipsum.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Formula 
\[
E^{2}=(m_{0}c^{2})^{2}+(pc)^{2}
\]

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset CommandInset nomenclature
LatexCommand nomenclature
symbol "E"
description "Energy"

\end_inset


\begin_inset CommandInset nomenclature
LatexCommand nomenclature
symbol "m0"
description "intrinsic rest mass"

\end_inset


\begin_inset CommandInset nomenclature
LatexCommand nomenclature
symbol "c"
description "speed of light"

\end_inset


\begin_inset CommandInset nomenclature
LatexCommand nomenclature
symbol "p"
description "momentum"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Fourier Series
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
For a function 
\begin_inset Formula $f(x)$
\end_inset

 you can write the Fourier Series:
\begin_inset Formula 
\[
f(x)=\sum_{-\infty}^{\infty}c_{n}e^{inx},
\]

\end_inset

where the coefficients 
\begin_inset Formula $c_{n}$
\end_inset

are given by 
\begin_inset Formula 
\[
c_{n}=\frac{1}{2\pi}\int_{-\pi}^{\pi}f(x)e^{inx}dx
\]

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Maxwell's Equations
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There are four of the buggers, and I like them in terms of total charge
 and current:
\begin_inset Formula 
\[
\begin{array}{cc}
\nabla.\mathbf{E}=\frac{\rho}{\varepsilon_{0}} & \nabla\times\mathbf{E}=-\frac{\partial\mathbf{B}}{\partial t}\\
\nabla.\mathbf{B}=0 & \nabla\times\mathbf{B}=\mu_{o}\mathbf{J}+\mu_{0}\varepsilon_{0}\frac{\partial\mathbf{E}}{\partial t}
\end{array}
\]

\end_inset

Where 
\series bold
B 
\series default
is the magnetic field, 
\series bold
E 
\series default
is the electric field and 
\series bold
J 
\series default
is the total current density.
 Also, 
\begin_inset Formula $\varepsilon_{0}$
\end_inset

 is the permittivity of free space (electric constant) and 
\begin_inset Formula $\mu_{0}$
\end_inset

 is the permeability of free space (magnetic constant).
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It's good to know what these mean in words and integral forms, so:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize

\emph on
Gauss' Law: 
\emph default
Electric flux through any closed surface is proportional to the enclosed
 electric charge:
\begin_inset Formula 
\[
\Phi=\oint_{S}\mathbf{E}\, d\mathbf{A}=\frac{Q_{enc}}{\varepsilon_{0}}
\]

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize

\emph on
Gauss' Magnetic Law: 
\emph default
Magnetic monopoles don't exist:
\begin_inset Formula 
\[
\oint_{S}\mathbf{B}\, d\mathbf{A}=0
\]

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize

\emph on
Faraday's Law of Induction:
\emph default
 The induced electromotive force in any closed circuit is equal to the rate
 of change of the magnetic flux through the circuit:
\begin_inset Formula 
\[
\epsilon=-\frac{d\Phi_{B}}{dt}
\]

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize

\emph on
Ampere's Law: 
\emph default
The relation between integrated magnetic field and current flowing:
\begin_inset Formula 
\[
\oint_{S}\mathbf{B}\, d\mathbf{\ell}=\mu_{0}I_{enc}
\]

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
That should be enough to get you started.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Why do we use Loren Ipsum?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
It is a long established fact that a reader will be distracted by the readable
 content of a page when looking at its layout.
 The point of using Lorem Ipsum is that it has a more-or-less normal distributio
n of letters, as opposed to using `Content here, content here', making it
 look like readable English.
 Many desktop publishing packages and web page editors now use Lorem Ipsum
 as their default model text, and a search for `lorem ipsum' will uncover
 many web sites still in their infancy.
 Various versions have evolved over the years, sometimes by accident, sometimes
 on purpose (injected humour and the like).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "sec:1.3"

\end_inset

Where does it come from?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Contrary to popular belief, Lorem Ipsum is not simply random text.
 It has roots in a piece of classical Latin literature from 45 BC, making
 it over 2000 years old.
 Richard McClintock, a Latin professor at Hampden-Sydney College in Virginia,
 looked up one of the more obscure Latin words, consectetur, from a Lorem
 Ipsum passage, and going through the cites of the word in classical literature,
 discovered the undoubtable source.
 Lorem Ipsum comes from sections 1.10.32 and 1.10.33 of "de Finibus Bonorum
 et Malorum" (The Extremes of Good and Evil) by Cicero, written in 45 BC.
 This book is a treatise on the theory of ethics, very popular during the
 Renaissance.
 The first line of Lorem Ipsum, "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet..", comes from
 a line in section 1.10.32.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The standard chunk of Lorem Ipsum used since the 1500s is reproduced below
 for those interested.
 Sections 1.10.32 and 1.10.33 from ``de Finibus Bonorum et Malorum" by Cicero
 are also reproduced in their exact original form, accompanied by English
 versions from the 1914 translation by H.
 Rackham
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
``Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod
 tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua.
 Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi
 ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.
 Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore
 eu fugiat nulla pariatur.
 Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia
 deserunt mollit anim id est laborum."
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Section 1.10.32 of ``de Finibus Bonorum et Malorum", written by Cicero in
 45 BC: ``Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem
 accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab
 illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo.
 Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit,
 sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt.
 Neque porro quisquam est, qui dolorem ipsum quia dolor sit amet, consectetur,
 adipisci velit, sed quia non numquam eius modi tempora incidunt ut labore
 et dolore magnam aliquam quaerat voluptatem.
 Ut enim ad minima veniam, quis nostrum exercitationem ullam corporis suscipit
 laboriosam, nisi ut aliquid ex ea commodi consequatur? Quis autem vel eum
 iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae
 consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem eum fugiat quo voluptas nulla pariatur?"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
1914 translation by H.
 Rackham: ``But I must explain to you how all this mistaken idea of denouncing
 pleasure and praising pain was born and I will give you a complete account
 of the system, and expound the actual teachings of the great explorer of
 the truth, the master-builder of human happiness.
 No one rejects, dislikes, or avoids pleasure itself, because it is pleasure,
 but because those who do not know how to pursue pleasure rationally encounter
 consequences that are extremely painful.
 Nor again is there anyone who loves or pursues or desires to obtain pain
 of itself, because it is pain, but because occasionally circumstances occur
 in which toil and pain can procure him some great pleasure.
 To take a trivial example, which of us ever undertakes laborious physical
 exercise, except to obtain some advantage from it? But who has any right
 to find fault with a man who chooses to enjoy a pleasure that has no annoying
 consequences, or one who avoids a pain that produces no resultant pleasure?"
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Section 1.10.33 of ``de Finibus Bonorum et Malorum", written by Cicero in
 45 BC: ``At vero eos et accusamus et iusto odio dignissimos ducimus qui
 blanditiis praesentium voluptatum deleniti atque corrupti quos dolores
 et quas molestias excepturi sint occaecati cupiditate non provident, similique
 sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollitia animi, id est laborum et dolorum
 fuga.
 Et harum quidem rerum facilis est et expedita distinctio.
 Nam libero tempore, cum soluta nobis est eligendi optio cumque nihil impedit
 quo minus id quod maxime placeat facere possimus, omnis voluptas assumenda
 est, omnis dolor repellendus.
 Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus
 saepe eveniet ut et voluptates repudiandae sint et molestiae non recusandae.
 Itaque earum rerum hic tenetur a sapiente delectus, ut aut reiciendis voluptati
bus maiores alias consequatur aut perferendis doloribus asperiores repellat."
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
1914 translation by H.
 Rackham: ``On the other hand, we denounce with righteous indignation and
 dislike men who are so beguiled and demoralized by the charms of pleasure
 of the moment, so blinded by desire, that they cannot foresee the pain
 and trouble that are bound to ensue; and equal blame belongs to those who
 fail in their duty through weakness of will, which is the same as saying
 through shrinking from toil and pain.
 These cases are perfectly simple and easy to distinguish.
 In a free hour, when our power of choice is untrammelled and when nothing
 prevents our being able to do what we like best, every pleasure is to be
 welcomed and every pain avoided.
 But in certain circumstances and owing to the claims of duty or the obligations
 of business it will frequently occur that pleasures have to be repudiated
 and annoyances accepted.
 The wise man therefore always holds in these matters to this principle
 of selection: he rejects pleasures to secure other greater pleasures, or
 else he endures pains to avoid worse pains." 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
